Ubuntu Server is a version of the Ubuntu operating system designed and engineered as a backbone for the internet.
Ubuntu Server brings economic and technical scalability to your datacentre, public or private. Whether you want to
deploy an OpenStack cloud, a Kubernetes cluster or a 50,000-node render farm, Ubuntu Server delivers the best value
scale-out performance available.
In this documentation
Tutorials
Get started - a hands-on introduction to Ubuntu Server for new usersHow-to guides
Step-by-step guides covering key operations and common tasks
Explanation
Concepts - discussion and clarification of key topicsReference
Technical information - package specifications, APIs, architecture
Project and community
Ubuntu Server is a member of the Ubuntu family. It’s an open source project that welcomes community projects,
contributions, suggestions, fixes and constructive feedback.
If you find any errors or have suggestions for improvements to pages, please use the link at the bottom of each topic
titled: “Help improve this document in the forum.” This link will take you to the Server Discourse forum for the
specific page you are viewing. There you can share your comments or let us know about bugs with any page.
•Read our Code of Conduct
•Get support
•Join the Discourse forum
•Download
•Find out how to contribute to the Server Guide , or let us know your feedback and suggestions .
Thinking about using Ubuntu Server for your next project? Get in touch!
PDF s and previous releases
Below are links to the previous Ubuntu Server release server guides as well as an offline copy of the current version of
this site:
Ubuntu 20.04 LTS (Focal Fossa) and later: PDF
Ubuntu 18.04 LTS (Bionic Beaver): WebandPDF
Navigation
Navigation
Level Path Navlink
0 Introduction
0
1 tutorials T utorials
2 Core tutorial
3 installation Basic installation
3 install/general How to operate the server installer
3 install/step-by-step Screen-by-screen installer guide
3 install/storage Configuring storage
2 Next steps
3 install/subscription Attach your Ubuntu Pro subscription
3 install/reporting-problems Report a problem with the installer
0
1 how-to How-to guides
2 Advanced installation
3 install/netboot-amd64 amd64 netboot install
3 install/netboot-arm64 arm64 netboot install
3 install/netboot-ppc64el ppc64el netboot install
3 install/ppc64el Virtual CDROM and Petitboot on ppc64el
1