Level Path Navlink
3 tools-etckeeper etckeeper
3 pam-motd pam_motd
3 tools-puppet Puppet
Redirects
Mapping table
Path Location
/server/docs/introduction Ubuntu Server documentation
/server/docs/installation-advanced Advanced Installation
/server/docs/installation-iscsi Installation - iSCSI
/server/docs/security-ecryptfs eCryptfs is deprecated
This section of our documentation contains step-by-step tutorials to help outline what Ubuntu Server is capable of
while helping you achieve specific aims.
We hope our tutorials make as few assumptions as possible and are broadly accessible to anyone with an interest in
Ubuntu Server. They should also be a good place to start learning about Ubuntu Server in general, how it works, and
what it’s capable of.
Core tutorial
In our core tutorial , you will learn how to set up an Ubuntu Server; from installing using a bootable USB device, to
navigating the Server installer menu.
Getting started
Basic installation
The Server installer
How to operate the Server installer
Screen-by-screen installer guide
Configuring storage
Next steps
Once your Ubuntu Server is up and running, you may be interested in this collection of related tutorials and topics
that will help you learn more about how it works and what’s available to you. These pages can be viewed in any order.
Ubuntu Pro
Attach your Ubuntu Pro subscription
The Server installer
Report a problem with the installer
If you have a specific goal, but are already familiar with Ubuntu Server, take a look at our How-toguides. These have
more in-depth detail and can be applied to a broader set of applications.
Take a look at our Reference section when you need to determine what commands are available, and how to interact
with various tools.
Finally, forabetterunderstandingofhowUbuntuServerworksandhowitcanbeusedandconfigured, our Explanation
section enables you to expand your knowledge of the operating system and additional software.
This chapter provides an overview of how to install Ubuntu Server Edition. You can also refer to this guide on how to
operate the installer for more information on using the installer, and to this screen-by-screen reference guide for more
information about each of the installer screens.
5